.TH "LFSWMANAGER" "1" "0.0.6" "K. D. Hedger" ""
.SH "NAME"
lfswmanager - window manager
.br
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBlfswmanager\fR\fB \fR[ \fB-v \fR] [ \fB-n \fRnumber ] [ \fB-t \fRfont ] [ \fB-f \fRcolor ] [ \fB-b \fRcolor ] [ \fB-F \fRcolor ] [ \fB-B \fRcolor ] [ \fB-p\fR placement ] [ display ]
.br

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBLFSWManager\fR is a window manager for the X Window System.  It supports virtual desktops, Xft font rendering, and is pretty standards compliant, the code base is from the 'wind' window manager available here:
.br

http://sourceforge.net/projects/windwm/?source=navbar
.br
Thanks to Johan Veenhuizen for the original code.
.br

A \fIdisplay\fR argument may be specified to manage a display other than the default.
.br

The following options are recognized:
.br

\fB-n \fRnumber
.br
	Set initial number of virtual desktops.  Zero means keep current setting, and is the default. If no current setting exists, 12 desktops are allocated.
.br

\fB-t \fRfont
.br
	Use \fIfont\fR for window titles.
.br

\fB-f \fRcolor
.br
	Use \fIcolor\fR as foreground.
.br

\fB-b \fRcolor
.br
	Use \fIcolor\fR as background.
.br

\fB-F \fRcolor
.br
	Use \fIcolor\fR as focused foreground.
.br

\fB-B \fRcolor
.br
	Use \fIcolor\fR as focused background.
.br

\fB-v\fR
.br
	Enable debug mode. This puts X11 transactions in synchronous mode, and prints Xlib errors to the standard error file descriptor. This option will slow things down, and is only useful for debugging.
.br

\fB-p\fR placement
.br
	Set new window placement.
.br
	0=Smart( Screen ), 1=Under mouse ,2=Centre on monitor with mouse( default ), 3=Screen centre, 4=Smart( Monitor with mouse ).
.br

Window focus
.br
	Press a pointer button inside the window to raise it and give it the keyboard input focus.
.br

Moving a window
.br
	Drag the window by its title bar to the desired location.  Alternatively, hold down the \fBAlt \fRkey and grab the window from anywhere inside its frame.  A moving window follows desktop switches.
.br

Resizing a window
.br
	Drag the top left or right corners to resize the window.
.br

Deleting a window
.br
	Push the \fB× \fRbutton in the upper right corner of the frame to ask the window to delete itself.
.br

Minimizing a window
.br
	There are no minimized windows in \fIWind\fR, but there are two substitutes: virtual desktops help organizing related windows, and the \fBAlt-Esc \fRkey binding cycles between the applications on the current desktop.
.br

Virtual desktops
.br
	\fIWind\fR supports virtual desktops as defined by the Extended Window Manager Hints specification.  The first twelve desktops are addressable using the \fBAlt-F\fR\fIn\fR key bindings.  An external pager is needed to address more than twelve desktops.
.br

	You can drag a window to the left/right edge to flip to the previous/next desktop.
.br

The following key bindings are provided:
.br

\fBAlt-Esc\fR
.br
	Cycle through the open applications on the current desktop.
.br

\fBAlt-Backspace\fR
.br
	Ask the focused window to delete itself.
.br

\fBAlt-Return\fR
.br
	Toggle the fullscreen property of the focused window.
.br

\fBAlt-Space\fR
.br
	Toggle stickiness of the focused window.  A sticky window is visible on all desktops.  This property is indicated by an underlined window title.
.br

\fBAlt-F\fR\fIn\fR
.br
	Switch to the \fIn\fR-th virtual desktop.
.br

\fBShift-Alt-F\fR\fIn\fR
.br
	Change number of virtual desktops to \fIn\fR, and switch to the last one.  Windows beyond desktop \fIn\fR are moved to \fIn\fR.  
.br
	\fBShift-Alt-F1 \fRis particularly useful when logging out.
.br

\fBLFSWManager\fR terminates gracefully upon receipt of any of the SIGHUP, SIGINT, and SIGTERM signals.
.br

.SH "AUTHOR"
K. D. Hedger, \fIkdhedger68713@gmail.com\fR
.br

Original code:
.br
Johan Veenhuizen, \fIveenhuizen@users.sourceforge.net\fR
.br

.SH "BUGS"
Report bugs to:
.br
       \fIkdhedger68713@gmail.com\fR
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
startx(1), xdm(1), X(7)
.br

\fIhttp://www.linuxquestions.org/questions/linux-from-scratch-13/the-linux-from-scratch-desktop-project-4175542914\fR
.br

\fIhttp://windwm.sourceforge.net\fR
.br

.SH "LICENSE"
Copyright 2010 Johan Veenhuizen
.br

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.br

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.br

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
.br

Extra code released under GPLv3
.br
Copyright 2015 Keith Hedger.
.br
