.TH "lfspanel" "1" "0.0.4" "K.D.Hedger" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
\fBlfspanel\fR - Manual page for lfspanel.
.br
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBlfspanel\fR PANELNUM
.br

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Part of the LFS Desktop  project here:
.br

http://www.linuxquestions.org/questions/linux-from-scratch-13/the-linux-from-scratch-desktop-project-4175542914
.br

This provides basic panel functionality, logout, shutdown, app menu, window menu etc etc.
.br
.SH "EXAMPLES"
Start new main panel using config file ~/.config/LFS/lfspanel.rc 
.br
	lfspanel
.br

Start new panel using config file ~/.config/LFS/lfspanel-0.rc 
.br
	lfspanel 0
.br

Start new panel using config file ~/.config/LFS/lfspanel-DEV.rc 
.br
	lfspanel DEV
.br

.SH "FILES"
Sample rc file:
.br

panelheight 16
.br
panelwidth -1
.br
panelxpos -2
.br
onmonitor 0
.br
termcommand xfce4-terminal -x 
.br
logoutcommand kill -9 $(cat /tmp/lfssession.pid)
.br
restartcommand sudo reboot
.br
shutdowncommand sudo shutdown -h now
.br
gadgetsright MDCL
.br
gadgetsleft	AWSS
.br

panelheight - Height of panel.
.br
panelwidth - Can be -1 for full width of monitor, -2 shrink to fit or >0 for absolute size.
.br
panelxpos - Can be -1 for left position, -2 for centre position, -3 for right position or >0 for absolute position.
.br
onmonitor - Monitor for this panel.
.br
termcommand - Command to use when launching app in terminal, defaults to "xterm -e".
.br
logoutcommand
.br
restartcommand
.br
shutdowncommand - Set to your prefs.
.br
gadgetsright
.br
gadgetsleft - Position of gadgets in panel in order L=logout menu, C=clock, D=disk usage, M=cpu load, A=applications menu, W=all window's selector, w=windows on current desktop selector, S=spacer.
.br

For an empty gadget string for gadgetsright/gadgetsleft use "", else "'s are not needed. Only one gadget of each type is allowed except for spacers which can be used multiple times.
.br
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to keithhedger@keithhedger.darktech.org
.br
